Let's renew a default view:
In left side-bar:
Remove sidebar-btn-history
Change flow for sidebar-btn-problems:
1. Remove all changing color logic, make color light red
2. On click, must open car-selection-popup, alredy inplemented in sidebar-button-service call.
Remove from it a date input field. Change title to Выберите автомобиль
3. When car was selected, open date-mileage-input popup (create a new one).
  It must has a date and mileage input fields and two buttons.
  Date field: changeable, prefilled by current date dd.mm.yyyy.
  Mileage field: changeable, prefilled by current mileage by selected car.
  Buttons above: Save and Cancel.
  When Save, if date or mileage not be changed by user, current values must still remain
4. When Save, open existing user-alert page with all entire logic
5. When user-alert saved or cancelled, return to deault view page

Let's create a new default view for index.html:
In main view area, all cars in fleet must be represented as a row section for each car.
Each row section must have four columns: (from left to right)
1. A medium-small round image of car, loaded by user.
  If not loaded yet, show a default image car-by-default.png.
2. Car name, consists of
  car-brand, car-model, nickname (if added by user), license-plate (if added by user), VIN.
3.  Three round icons: red, yellow, blue,
  represent three types of problems, added by user in user-alert page.
  On each icon, show a number of problems of this type.
4. One round icon for future maintenance preview module.

Let's create a new my-car-overview view, represents a concrete car technical state.
1/ In upper left corner place a medium-size round image of car, loaded by user.
  If not loaded yet, show a default image car-by-default.png.
2. On the left side of page, under the image, place two medium-small round buttons, one under one, with icons and suggestions when hover:
  2.1. Img: checklist-car3.jpg Suggestion: План тех.обслуживания
  2.2. img: master.jpeg Suggestion: История тех.обслуживания
3. On right from the car image, place a row section with static info of concrete car:
  In this section, left to right:
  3.1. Car name, consists of
  car-brand, car-model, nickname (if added by user), license-plate (if added by user), VIN.
  3.2. Two medium-small round icons for static information of current car,
        left to right, with suggestions when hover:
    3.2.1 Img: checklis-car2. Suggest: Справочник тех. обслуживания
    3.2.2 Img: undefined. Suggest: Документы на авто
4. On remain area place a section for representing a current technical state (we fill it later)
    
  




